---
title: 'back in perth; time to work'
pubDate: 2024-07-10
image: '../../assets/10Jul24.jpg'
---
Jetlag's kicking in, so rushing this one out before I nod off. Back home after an almost month-long holiday. Was refreshing and coming back to Perth has been bittersweet. Travelling really highlights how plain and empty the city is compared to anywhere in Canada. May be that the grass is measurably greener in Canada, or I'm just used to Perth.

Either way, It's time to get to work. Plenty of stuff I'd put off till getting back (exercise, coding, drawing). Now that I'm here, Its time to get a routine going. Aiming to get shredded, draw real good birds, and have a good familiarity with web design. Next week I'll need to start putting my Resume in places as well. My money can only burn in so many spots at once.

Playing around with placeholder images on the site. The way its setup with the content collection makes it hard to install a third party module to fulfill the role. Might dig through the source code if any of them are open-source and hunt for the underlying mechanics of it. Sounds like creating a poor quality version of the image and then swapping the two at some point. [Unpic](https://unpic.pics/) looks to support many different places, but the default integration doesn't work. May be able to crib the one part I do need.

Seeing as this is a checkpoint I'll update art too. Got 50/250 cubes done while overseas and should do some sketching before kicking off into more. Plenty of birds I'd like to sketch from Canada. I'll compile a list and try my hand at sketching them.

Sport wise, I won't go too nuts. Jog in the morning + some light yoga + push-ups. Will ease into more intense stuff as I get used to it.