---
title: 'old concrete and sim cards'
pubDate: 2024-06-19
tags: ["placeholder", "this'll be gone soon"]
image: '../../assets/19Jun24.jpg'
---
Montreal has some pretty killer grafitti. In the past half year I've been on four motor/highway/airport streets. The walls flanking them are littered with grafitti. Melbourne has some good stuff, but Montreal has the full roof of a mill covered by one artist, so they win.

It's also a city of rusty cars and old concrete. Before today, I'd not seen a car with rust heavy enough to affect its profile. After today, I'd have seen three.

I'm going to indulge now with a tale of international roaming. Before this year I hadn't travelled overseas for over 10 years. I'd forgotten about phone data caps. Australia is a country with remarkably good phone plans and woefully bad internet. My monthly 100gig data cap has never been hit, even when leaving feature-length Vinesauce streams on as sleep aids. I sleep microwave-searingly close to the router in my house, and I still opt for the quicker speeds on data. 5G trumps copper.

I noticied a lack of internet within minutes of landing in Heathrow. International roaming kicked in for texts and SMS, but not internet. A thought of "Where can I get a british SIM card easily?" floated into my head, and then made manfiest in the form of a sim card vending machine. I felt sorry for the store owner 20 feet to its left who was also selling British SIM cards. As someone with terminal social anxiety, I felt better about talking to a machine. All of my life and most of my career has involved talking to a machine. It's the shared expertise of all Y2K-adjacent peoples. For 25£ I got a 100gig SIM card which is a clownish amount for 5 days of travel. I would have to be running pirate bay for a small town to use it all up. I'd also forgotten that SIM card slots require a paperclip or other similarly stiff and small tube as replacement.

Let me tell you, a paperclip is hard to find in England. I spent the taxi ride thinking of where one might get a paperclip or equivalent in a hotel room. For 15 minutes I scrubbed the hotel for a paperclip. Eventually I tried a sharp pencil. Too wide. A fineliner next. Too stubby. In a spot of desperation I unwound a section of a spiral notebook and stuck that into the slot. Bingo. I slotted in the UK SIM and waited 10 long seconds for my phone to get the memo. It did, along with a text telling me my new mobile number. 

I was travelling with my parents at the time, and didn't want to give them a new number to worry about. I swapped out the two sim cards. I would save the UK SIM for when I had something a bit easier than a notebook to open my phone's sim card slot. 

Oh yeah, I thought, hotels have free-wifi. Opening the wifi list bombarded me with every room's number, all with a password. No paper was nearby with the wifi password. I assumed maybe the clerk provided people with one. They didn't in my case. An hour into getting wifi, I realized that most people don't run into this issue when travelling. I looked at my phone's phone plan on my phone. A toggle for international roaming was here. I switched it on. I still didn't have the internet. Samsung was protecting me, and my bank account from daily $10 charges, by leaving roaming off in the phone's settings. I ignored my bank account and flicked it on. I had internet in the UK.

There's good news here. I had internet now. At this point, my dopamine goblins saw it fit to pilot my fingers to the Runescape app on my phone. I froze. I had reached the terminus. Runescape was going to be the punchline to the joke of me opening my phone's sim card slot with a notebook. I uninstalled the app immediately and cancelled my subscription. A third of my life this year had an instance of Runescape running somewhere. The spell had broke.

Returning to now, the heat of Montreal has blasted any energy left after 12 hours in transit. There's an addendum to the sim card saga, which I'll type up tomorrow when I'm less sleepy. Bonne nuit.