---
title: 'indulging in new toys'
pubDate: 2024-07-20
image: '../../assets/20Jul24.jpg'
---

You probably shouldn't make any major decisions while drunk, hungry or upset. You also shouldn't make any major purchases while suffering a fever or while on holiday. Which is to say I am now the owner of an S24 Ultra and a brand spanking new PC. Both make me uneasy. Both purchases were motivated by equipment that was *kind of* on its way out. A 2 year old phone with a busted USB-C charging port. A 6 year old desktop that was starting to have memory failures and suffer with more modern titles. I'm hoping that both will last at least twice as long in each camp. Decent prices for both, but still a big chunk taking out of my spare change. The end of spending for a while, unless I come down with a spending fever again.

Still working through Elden Ring and FF14 instead of something more productive. I'm slipping back into the MMO mental pacifier that I'm used to, and I'm not too against it. There's still a social element there with playing with my bud, so It's nice to have around for that. The Elden DLC has been a great time as well. Going through for my first time using the [Seamless Co-op Mod](https://github.com/LukeYui/EldenRingSeamlessCoopRelease) is probably ruining the challenge or spectacle of some moments. Blokely co-operation is also a fun flavor, so I don't mind too much.

New PC setup only took me about two hours to get the bulk of it done. [Chocolatey packages](https://chocolatey.org/), a [windows debloat script](https://github.com/n1snt/Windows-Debloater), and a few files here and there make it easy to get started again. The bulk of time now is going to be spent on Steam backups, but it won't take toooo long.