---
title: 'the edmonton time tunnel'
pubDate: 2024-06-29
image: '../../assets/29Jun24.jpg'
---
Bizarre vibes in Edmonton. It feels stuck in the 90s/early 00s. A lot of aggregate concrete, red-brick, wide roads and people with long, wide jeans. A more tame version of mid-west America maybe. People are quite friendly here too. Experienced more warmth from two servers here, than the sum total of everyone in Perth. The place is great for me though, I love the late 90s aesthetic of games and early CG and this town feels like a too-real VR tour of Myst or Half-Life 1. Had the Denny's Grand Slam® which was pretty great too. Those shredded hashbrowns rule.

Antiques can be quite fun to browse through, so we swung by the Edmonton Antique store as well. White, paisley teacups, intricate glassware and a lot of fun mini sections. Not quite as fun as when I visited the Daylesford antique store last year, but still kind of fun. The dust clogged my brains and lungs a bit too much to appreciate it.

We caught a relic of a streetcar on the way back. It was a genuine streetcar/tram circa 1921 from Osaka, transported through time to 2024 Edmonton, Canada. It didn't click until we boarded and found the text and advertisements all in Japanese. It was a pleasant mint green with nice red couches. Those red couches I realized, when cast under a sunset's orange light, were the exact same as the ones from Evangelion Episode 25/26. As a weirdo, I enjoyed those episodes. I enjoyed the ride too. Shinji's metaphor was exciting to be in as it travelled 100m above the river. We passed a vintage streetcar from Melbourne too which I had been on a few years ago as well. It was a sucker-punch of nostalgia in a town out of time. A strange highlight of the trip so far.

Setup Obsidian as a way to code-ify my note files I've accumulated over the years. It's got a high ceiling for functionality. Markdown files and some linking between the two helps me organise my notes in a way better than what I would normally. Might turn into something cool, who knows?